 Volume in drive D is PhOeNiX
 Volume Serial Number is 1CD4-8FAD

 Directory of D:\Facul\C#\SistemaGestaoP\SistemaGestaoP\Scripts

bootstrap.js              bootstrap.min.js          gmaps-scripts.js
gmaps.js                  jquery-ui-1.10.3.js       jquery-ui-1.10.3.min.js
jquery.min.js             jquery.validate.js        
               8 File(s)        675,840 bytes

 Directory of D:\Facul\C#\SistemaGestaoP\SistemaGestaoP\Scripts\Director

app.js         dashboard.js   demo.js        
               3 File(s)         54,789 bytes

 Directory of D:\Facul\C#\SistemaGestaoP\SistemaGestaoP\Scripts\plugins

chart.js   
               1 File(s)         50,201 bytes

 Directory of D:\Facul\C#\SistemaGestaoP\SistemaGestaoP\Scripts\plugins\bootstrap-slider

bootstrap-slider.js   
               1 File(s)         11,246 bytes

 Directory of D:\Facul\C#\SistemaGestaoP\SistemaGestaoP\Scripts\plugins\bootstrap-wysihtml5

bootstrap3-wysihtml5.all.min.js   bootstrap3-wysihtml5.js
               2 File(s)        148,050 bytes

 Directory of D:\Facul\C#\SistemaGestaoP\SistemaGestaoP\Scripts\plugins\bs-datetimepicker

bootstrap-datetimepicker.js       bootstrap-datetimepicker.min.js
               2 File(s)         88,503 bytes

 Directory of D:\Facul\C#\SistemaGestaoP\SistemaGestaoP\Scripts\plugins\ckeditor

build-config.js   ckeditor.js       config.js         styles.js
               4 File(s)        468,255 bytes

 Directory of D:\Facul\C#\SistemaGestaoP\SistemaGestaoP\Scripts\plugins\ckeditor\adapters

jquery.js   
               1 File(s)          3,011 bytes

 Directory of D:\Facul\C#\SistemaGestaoP\SistemaGestaoP\Scripts\plugins\ckeditor\lang

af.js        ar.js        bg.js        bn.js        bs.js        ca.js
cs.js        cy.js        da.js        de.js        el.js        en-au.js
en-ca.js     en-gb.js     en.js        eo.js        es.js        et.js
eu.js        fa.js        fi.js        fo.js        fr-ca.js     fr.js
gl.js        gu.js        he.js        hi.js        hr.js        hu.js
id.js        is.js        it.js        ja.js        ka.js        km.js
ko.js        ku.js        lt.js        lv.js        mk.js        mn.js
ms.js        nb.js        nl.js        no.js        pl.js        pt-br.js
pt.js        ro.js        ru.js        si.js        sk.js        sl.js
sq.js        sr-latn.js   sr.js        sv.js        th.js        tr.js
ug.js        uk.js        vi.js        zh-cn.js     zh.js        
              65 File(s)        924,084 bytes

 Directory of D:\Facul\C#\SistemaGestaoP\SistemaGestaoP\Scripts\plugins\ckeditor\plugins\a11yhelp\dialogs

a11yhelp.js   
               1 File(s)          2,860 bytes

 Directory of D:\Facul\C#\SistemaGestaoP\SistemaGestaoP\Scripts\plugins\ckeditor\plugins\a11yhelp\dialogs\lang

ar.js        bg.js        ca.js        cs.js        cy.js        da.js
de.js        el.js        en.js        eo.js        es.js        et.js
fa.js        fi.js        fr-ca.js     fr.js        gl.js        gu.js
he.js        hi.js        hr.js        hu.js        id.js        it.js
ja.js        km.js        ko.js        ku.js        lt.js        lv.js
mk.js        mn.js        nb.js        nl.js        no.js        pl.js
pt-br.js     pt.js        ro.js        ru.js        si.js        sk.js
sl.js        sq.js        sr-latn.js   sr.js        sv.js        th.js
tr.js        ug.js        uk.js        vi.js        zh-cn.js     zh.js
              54 File(s)        190,531 bytes

 Directory of D:\Facul\C#\SistemaGestaoP\SistemaGestaoP\Scripts\plugins\ckeditor\plugins\about\dialogs

about.js   
               1 File(s)          1,517 bytes

 Directory of D:\Facul\C#\SistemaGestaoP\SistemaGestaoP\Scripts\plugins\ckeditor\plugins\clipboard\dialogs

paste.js   
               1 File(s)          3,509 bytes

 Directory of D:\Facul\C#\SistemaGestaoP\SistemaGestaoP\Scripts\plugins\ckeditor\plugins\dialog

dialogDefinition.js   
               1 File(s)            152 bytes

 Directory of D:\Facul\C#\SistemaGestaoP\SistemaGestaoP\Scripts\plugins\ckeditor\plugins\image\dialogs

image.js   
               1 File(s)         20,614 bytes

 Directory of D:\Facul\C#\SistemaGestaoP\SistemaGestaoP\Scripts\plugins\ckeditor\plugins\link\dialogs

anchor.js   link.js     
               2 File(s)         18,560 bytes

 Directory of D:\Facul\C#\SistemaGestaoP\SistemaGestaoP\Scripts\plugins\ckeditor\plugins\pastefromword\filter

default.js   
               1 File(s)         13,960 bytes

 Directory of D:\Facul\C#\SistemaGestaoP\SistemaGestaoP\Scripts\plugins\ckeditor\plugins\scayt\dialogs

options.js   
               1 File(s)          8,214 bytes

 Directory of D:\Facul\C#\SistemaGestaoP\SistemaGestaoP\Scripts\plugins\ckeditor\plugins\specialchar\dialogs

specialchar.js   
               1 File(s)          4,837 bytes

 Directory of D:\Facul\C#\SistemaGestaoP\SistemaGestaoP\Scripts\plugins\ckeditor\plugins\specialchar\dialogs\lang

ar.js      bg.js      ca.js      cs.js      cy.js      de.js      el.js
en.js      eo.js      es.js      et.js      fa.js      fi.js      fr-ca.js
fr.js      gl.js      he.js      hr.js      hu.js      id.js      it.js
ja.js      km.js      ku.js      lv.js      nb.js      nl.js      no.js
pl.js      pt-br.js   pt.js      ru.js      si.js      sk.js      sl.js
sq.js      sv.js      th.js      tr.js      ug.js      uk.js      vi.js
zh-cn.js   zh.js      
              44 File(s)        211,943 bytes

 Directory of D:\Facul\C#\SistemaGestaoP\SistemaGestaoP\Scripts\plugins\ckeditor\plugins\table\dialogs

table.js   
               1 File(s)          8,808 bytes

 Directory of D:\Facul\C#\SistemaGestaoP\SistemaGestaoP\Scripts\plugins\ckeditor\plugins\tabletools\dialogs

tableCell.js   
               1 File(s)          6,223 bytes

 Directory of D:\Facul\C#\SistemaGestaoP\SistemaGestaoP\Scripts\plugins\ckeditor\plugins\wsc\dialogs

wsc.js      wsc_ie.js   
               2 File(s)         36,376 bytes

 Directory of D:\Facul\C#\SistemaGestaoP\SistemaGestaoP\Scripts\plugins\datatables

dataTables.bootstrap.js   jquery.dataTables.js      
               2 File(s)        396,714 bytes

 Directory of D:\Facul\C#\SistemaGestaoP\SistemaGestaoP\Scripts\plugins\datepicker

bootstrap-datepicker.js   
               1 File(s)         48,509 bytes

 Directory of D:\Facul\C#\SistemaGestaoP\SistemaGestaoP\Scripts\plugins\datepicker\locales

bootstrap-datepicker.ar.js         bootstrap-datepicker.az.js
bootstrap-datepicker.bg.js         bootstrap-datepicker.ca.js
bootstrap-datepicker.cs.js         bootstrap-datepicker.cy.js
bootstrap-datepicker.da.js         bootstrap-datepicker.de.js
bootstrap-datepicker.el.js         bootstrap-datepicker.es.js
bootstrap-datepicker.et.js         bootstrap-datepicker.fa.js
bootstrap-datepicker.fi.js         bootstrap-datepicker.fr.js
bootstrap-datepicker.gl.js         bootstrap-datepicker.he.js
bootstrap-datepicker.hr.js         bootstrap-datepicker.hu.js
bootstrap-datepicker.id.js         bootstrap-datepicker.is.js
bootstrap-datepicker.it.js         bootstrap-datepicker.ja.js
bootstrap-datepicker.ka.js         bootstrap-datepicker.kk.js
bootstrap-datepicker.kr.js         bootstrap-datepicker.lt.js
bootstrap-datepicker.lv.js         bootstrap-datepicker.mk.js
bootstrap-datepicker.ms.js         bootstrap-datepicker.nb.js
bootstrap-datepicker.nl-BE.js      bootstrap-datepicker.nl.js
bootstrap-datepicker.no.js         bootstrap-datepicker.pl.js
bootstrap-datepicker.pt-BR.js      bootstrap-datepicker.pt.js
bootstrap-datepicker.ro.js         bootstrap-datepicker.rs-latin.js
bootstrap-datepicker.rs.js         bootstrap-datepicker.ru.js
bootstrap-datepicker.sk.js         bootstrap-datepicker.sl.js
bootstrap-datepicker.sq.js         bootstrap-datepicker.sv.js
bootstrap-datepicker.sw.js         bootstrap-datepicker.th.js
bootstrap-datepicker.tr.js         bootstrap-datepicker.ua.js
bootstrap-datepicker.vi.js         bootstrap-datepicker.zh-CN.js
bootstrap-datepicker.zh-TW.js      
              51 File(s)         38,715 bytes

 Directory of D:\Facul\C#\SistemaGestaoP\SistemaGestaoP\Scripts\plugins\daterangepicker

daterangepicker.js   
               1 File(s)         53,167 bytes

 Directory of D:\Facul\C#\SistemaGestaoP\SistemaGestaoP\Scripts\plugins\flot

excanvas.js                      excanvas.min.js
jquery.colorhelpers.js           jquery.colorhelpers.min.js
jquery.flot.canvas.js            jquery.flot.canvas.min.js
jquery.flot.categories.js        jquery.flot.categories.min.js
jquery.flot.crosshair.js         jquery.flot.crosshair.min.js
jquery.flot.errorbars.js         jquery.flot.errorbars.min.js
jquery.flot.fillbetween.js       jquery.flot.fillbetween.min.js
jquery.flot.image.js             jquery.flot.image.min.js
jquery.flot.js                   jquery.flot.min.js
jquery.flot.navigate.js          jquery.flot.navigate.min.js
jquery.flot.pie.js               jquery.flot.pie.min.js
jquery.flot.resize.js            jquery.flot.resize.min.js
jquery.flot.selection.js         jquery.flot.selection.min.js
jquery.flot.stack.js             jquery.flot.stack.min.js
jquery.flot.symbol.js            jquery.flot.symbol.min.js
jquery.flot.threshold.js         jquery.flot.threshold.min.js
jquery.flot.time.js              jquery.flot.time.min.js
              34 File(s)        435,037 bytes

 Directory of D:\Facul\C#\SistemaGestaoP\SistemaGestaoP\Scripts\plugins\fullcalendar

fullcalendar.js       fullcalendar.min.js   
               2 File(s)        208,368 bytes

 Directory of D:\Facul\C#\SistemaGestaoP\SistemaGestaoP\Scripts\plugins\iCheck

icheck.js       icheck.min.js   
               2 File(s)         19,630 bytes

 Directory of D:\Facul\C#\SistemaGestaoP\SistemaGestaoP\Scripts\plugins\input-mask

jquery.inputmask.date.extensions.js
jquery.inputmask.extensions.js
jquery.inputmask.js
jquery.inputmask.numeric.extensions.js
jquery.inputmask.phone.extensions.js
jquery.inputmask.regex.extensions.js
               6 File(s)        141,431 bytes

 Directory of D:\Facul\C#\SistemaGestaoP\SistemaGestaoP\Scripts\plugins\misc

html5shiv.js              jquery.ba-resize.min.js   jquery.placeholder.js
modernizr.min.js          respond.min.js            
               5 File(s)         30,278 bytes

 Directory of D:\Facul\C#\SistemaGestaoP\SistemaGestaoP\Scripts\plugins\multiselect

jquery.multi-select.js   
               1 File(s)         19,398 bytes

 Directory of D:\Facul\C#\SistemaGestaoP\SistemaGestaoP\Scripts\plugins\nestable

jquery.nestable.js   nestable.js          
               2 File(s)         19,253 bytes

 Directory of D:\Facul\C#\SistemaGestaoP\SistemaGestaoP\Scripts\plugins\slimScroll

jquery.slimscroll.js       jquery.slimscroll.min.js
               2 File(s)         18,788 bytes

 Directory of D:\Facul\C#\SistemaGestaoP\SistemaGestaoP\Scripts\plugins\timepicker

bootstrap-timepicker.js       bootstrap-timepicker.min.js
               2 File(s)         42,374 bytes

     Total Files Listed:
             310 File(s)      4,423,745 bytes
               0 Dir(s)  17,976,279,040 bytes free
